Hello my name is Pooja Parihar.  Today I am going to
share with you something which
if it had not happened to us, we would
not have known its truth.  So this is from last
week only.  Whatever health
insurance we take, there is a truth behind it.
Until we find a use for it.
Until we need it, we do
not understand at all whether the health insurance
we are taking is actually a health
insurance or a health tension.
We have spent our premium
money on something
which is of no use when needed.  Actually this happened
last week.  On the morning of January 14,
my husband had severe
stomach pain.  I vomited a lot.
And his condition had become very bad.  So we
urgently need him at Max Hospital Sector
128 Noida.  So the hospital
is quite good.  The doctors are very good.  We
reached there.  When the doctor examined my husband, he
said that his condition was very
serious and he would have to be
admitted immediately because he was having serious
abdominal pain and was vomiting.
This was a serious matter.
So in this condition the doctor told us that
your husband will have to be admitted and
this is very important.  So we took
ICICI Labord Health Insurance
and when we took that policy,
we had taken all the advances in it.  When this
type of need arises, he should help us.  There were a
lot of riders in it.   There were
unlimited claims and it meant that whatever was
possible could be done to help us in case of any problem.
We had
taken good room categories etc.  But we have
n't used it yet.   Till now,
we were using whatever health insurance facility was available from my husband's office.
Whenever we needed it
, my husband did not need it
but my
parents needed it, so we
used it and we never had any
problem with it.  So this insurance that
we had taken was for personal use.  That's
why we took insurance of Rs 25 lakh
with unlimited claims.
And we took it from a big company.  Although there
are many companies in the market, but we
chose a brand which has a very
good name.  The brand is very good.  And we could have got it
cheaper from another company.  But
we chose ICICI LB and its premium was
also higher.  But we thought that no, this will be
very useful to us in the future.  And whenever we
need it, it will be very helpful to us.
So we used it for the first time.
We thought let's use ICIC LBAT this time.
So we gave the ICICI policy
to the TPA of Istal and told them to
use it for cashless claim.  The hospital's
TPA processed it.
All the
TPA people submitted the claim based on the initial documents required.   I
gave it to ICICI Labard
and then whatever other medical process was
going on, the procedure was going on, on the
same day, in the evening around 7:30, a
message came to me that your
documents have not been received, so
you submit all the documents to us,
I was alone, yes it came
on my husband's mobile.  I
was alone so only his number was registered.  So as soon as I get
this message, I quickly
go to TP.  I go to the TPA of the hospital.  I
told him that I received such a mail.
Such a message has come.  So
they are asking for some documents.  So the TPA
person said that whatever initial
documents are there, whatever initial
documents are there for approval, for
testless approval, we have
already sent them.  And secondly, we have
not received any mail message or anything
from ICICI LB's site and the
company has not approached us in any other way and
if we get any further
requirement, we will
send it too but till now nothing has come
but the report of whatever test you have done today will
not come today anyway, it will come tomorrow
morning, so then we are
back and it will start from the next day.
He did not contact the hospital.
And we TPA people had
sent all the documents to him.  So this
means that his message came at night and
he rejected it early in the morning.  So this is
very strange.  It was very
surprising for us that
you sent me a message in the evening and the test reports were in the
evening, meaning the test was done in the evening.
His report does not come so quickly.
He did not mention the same for the end reports,
he said that the initial
documents which were
already sent by the TPA were not found.  And this also
came on my husband's message, meaning it was a mail
message.  The TPA or the hospital was
not approached by the ICICI.  No mail or message was sent.
My husband is a patient and he is receiving
all the messages and the ICICI people are sending all the
mail messages to my husband only.
They are
not approaching the hospital at all because the TPA
people are saying that we are
not getting any message or mail from their site.
Then I went to the TPA person and
told them that it has been rejected from the ICICI side.
So the TPA of the hospital has
told me that till now I have
not received any mail, neither have I received any intimation from the insurance company
that
your policy has been rejected, but you have received this message,
so as soon as we get the test
reports, we will send them, we will
send all of them, we have already sent all the
initial documents, but now
I will send these reports also, so by
around 12:30 the hospitals sent all the
documents in front of me.  All the
test
reports that came were sent in front of me.
He even showed us to me that
I'm sending right in front of you.  You check it.
And after sending mail after mail, I
came to my husband and I
told him to confirm once
because he was already very worried because
so many problems were occurring and whether this
requirement which you
wanted was according to him or not.
So the customer care confirmed that we have received
all the documents and they are
sending, forwarding and
updating all these documents to their suitable departments for further processing.
And within the next one hour you will get all the
updates from our site.
Then we waited for 1 hour in a
miniwheel.  During this time,
they sent a boy to a third party agent agency.  I got a
call from them saying that we want to come to you
because we want to do physical verification from ICICI's side.
So we said, okay, you also come.
You also verify it.  So that
guy came from the side of the third party agency.  So he didn't have any special idea.
He said that we have been sent by a third party
for physical verification.  So
he got multiple forms signed,
took photographs of
my husband from me, whether he was really admitted or
not, he also asked whether
you had faced any problem before this or not,
then I said no, such a severe problem has
not happened till date
and till date my husband had
not been admitted for any such reason in any region,
so he got that written in the form, got it
signed and our yearly
health test checkup is the same.
So he got all the forms signed, he got
them written and signed.
Took photos of Aadhar card.  So we did everything from our site and then
they left.  Then
after some time a message comes from ICICI people.
So we need your past reports.
Past documents are required.  We
need all the tests etc. that have happened in the past.
And this and this message also came only to my
husband.  He also did
not come to the hospital.  The hospital was
not receiving any of his messages or emails.  So I
quickly went to the TPA.  I confirmed with the TPA.
TPA said that we have
not received any mail.  So it was very
strange that why is it coming only to us
?  Why is the TPA
not being sent to the hospital?  So the TP TPA people
said that okay, if you have the
old reports available, the test reports of whatever tests were done
every year for health checkup, then
if you have them then
give them, so I said that only that is available, so I got it
from home which was
20 km away from our hospital and
we gave it to the TPO and the TPA people
forwarded it to the ICICI people,
we had got the tests done in June last year
and everything was normal.  All the
health test checkups that happen, mine, my
husband's, everyone's, are done.  So
we sent the same reports and all the TPA people
sent everything in front of me and then
my husband called and
confirmed with the customer care.  He said
yes, we have got everything.
He asked us to wait for an hour and we were
waiting.
Then they get a message from the side
that we have incomplete documents.
We need more past reports.
So what did that mean now?  Friend, we gave him whatever he
asked for.  This simply
meant that he was mentally harassing us.
He was telling us directly
that he does not want our
cashless process to be done and he will not be
able to do it.  It simply seemed to us that
he was just harassing us.
His intention was only to trouble them.  Do
n't give us approval.  We
sent all the documents of current hospitalization.
Through TPA.
We got all the passes that he had asked for from home and
sent them to him.
We also sent all the tests we had done in June.  That too was
submitted.  After that I kept taking one hour each.  While
doing this, it
became evening and again the same query that we have
not received all your documents.  We
need past documents that we did
everything.  Had sent it.  Now I was
not able to understand which past
report they wanted.  What did they want after all
?  My husband had never detected anything like this in the past or even now.  No such
disease was detected.  Even
in the report that happened now, the
doctor said that he only had an infection.  It is a
small infection.  And as a matter of fact, no
major problem was detected.
When no major problem, whatever the major
problem is, was detected, then
what history were they examining?
It was such a thing that there was some problem in our body
and we went to the hospital and it was
treated.  But what past did they
want?  If we just got infected,
what are we looking for from the past?  He was just
buying time.  From 10:00 a.m.
to 6:00 p.m. we just kept running.  Just
bothering us.  My husband became so
upset.  His health was already bad.   We were doing
regular follow up with customer care
from ICICI but nothing like this was being told to us from customer care site,
same language was being used
by customer care that your
documents have not been received.  Nothing has happened to anyone.
Nothing has been found.  We have
not received any reports.   No
matter what we said to him, he was
unable to understand.  His only question was
that we need documents.  I
want the ones now, I want the ones before.  I don't know which
documents were required.
We were not able to understand at all.  He was
completely harassing us.  This was
systematic harassment from the side of ICC Labard.  For
each patient,
they do not ask all these things while taking the premium.  If they are facing this much
problem.  They need so many
test reports, so when they
give the policy, they do
not remember all these things.  Then we did not
tell them that now we
need all the documents from the past, that is, all the reports from childhood till now, so I do
not understand at all what they wanted and there was no such clause mentioned
that we need reports of 2 years, 4 years, 6
years old,
so while doing all these things, it became
7:00 and we understood
that right now ICICI Labard has
no intention of processing our claim.
So we decided that okay, we could
n't do any more pen beer.  Now I could
n't be more upset than this.
He had given me a lot of mental stress and I was alone.
I was running again and again and nothing was happening.  The
kids were getting upset
and there was no one there to support me.
The husband was on the bed.  He could not come.
So when I did everything,
we got very upset and this was only because of
ICICI people that
after taking a policy of Rs 25 lakh, we were getting so
upset in which we pay a premium of Rs 25,000.
And this is of
no use.  We came to know about this and its
truth when it happened upon us.  It was a
small amount, it was fine.  But if it was a big
amount then they would
not have left us anywhere.  So since it was a small amount, there was no
issue.  We paid, got
discharged and left.  But if this claim had been for a
serious illness, the
amount could have been Rs 10 lakh, Rs 15 lakh, Rs 20 lakh or anything else.
So they would have cleared these claims, they are
not even claiming Rs 500, what would they have done,
what kind of trouble would they have got us into, just
thinking about it we got
scared, where have we got stuck,
companies like ICICI LBA do
this systematic harassment and now we are
understanding that they do
not just do harassment, this is just a
complete scam which is there in the health industry.   There are a lot of
companies that
we have heard about before.  So we
thought that since ICICI is a big branded name, there will be
no such issue in it.
But when we checked the complaints of IRDA,
most of the
complaints were from ICICI Labard only.  Most of all,
they
trouble you so much that you get
upset and pay the money and leave.  You ca
n't do anything else with them.  And there are
many customers who do not even lodge complaints.
But if we think this then we will not give up this fight.  I do
n't want this ₹50,000 from them.  We will take this
case forward.  We
also filed this case with the Insurance Auditor General
who hears insurance complaints.
We also put in the Lab Gravelance Cell of ICIC.
We have put the complete details and the entire story.
We filed a complaint in RDA and
also in the consumer forum.  So, we will not give up this fight.
And we don't
want 50,000 from them.  We need justification from them as to on
what basis
they rejected our claim?
What documents did they need?  Which
important documents were required?  So
you have onboarded hospitals like Max on your panel.
So it
becomes your duty to contact them
directly and take those documents directly from them.
Because that process, which was a
cashless process, was done by the hospital.
So we all need to think about this.  These
companies take premium from us,
take money from us.  When we need them,
they will not stand by us at all.
This is a huge scam.
I will keep updating you on this entire story as to what is the
status of the complaint we have filed.  But this whole
story alerts us and
forces us to understand and think about what
kind of system this is.   This
means, what kind of exploitation is happening to the common
man.  These companies are doing this.
So how much trouble can we
get into because of this?  So we should
not be careless thinking that we have
taken a big insurance and we will
need it later.  So this company will support us.
We will get that help against the premium we are paying.
So not at all.  So you should think carefully.
So, we should not get trapped in the trap of these big companies
and while paying the premium,
we should ask this company and understand from them.  Check other places also to see
what kind of claim settlement they have.
How many complaints do they have?  Only then will you be
able to decide which companies are right and which are not.
But we will have to
understand everything thoroughly in detail.  When this happened to
us, when this happened to us, then
we came to know that a big company like ICICI is
playing such games.   She is
harassing me so much.
So other companies can do it.
So we don't know at all right now which
company is good and which is bad.
But we have
shared with you our experience, whatever has happened to us.
So we do
n't know this at all.  So we do
n't know at all what we should do next.  But this
policy,
we are cancelling it completely.  We are closing this policy
now and we do
not know what we will take in future and
if you have a similar experience as what
happened with us, what we told you, what we have
shared with you about ICICI LBAT, then
you also come forward
and support us so that we
all together fight this battle and we can bring to light these
big companies which are fooling us and
playing games with us.
Natalie we will discontinue this
insurance this policy policy.
But what will you take next?
So we have no idea.  But if you
give us any idea or know of any good company
then tell us that and if you have a similar
experience like the one we have had
with us which we have shared with you then please
support us on that too.  So that's why
we all have to
fight this together because these are big
companies.  So if we have to fight against them, we will have to
fight together.  So we have only
one request to you, please
share this video as much as possible.  The
more you share, the more people will become
aware
and perhaps they will be
saved from getting trapped by such big companies.  So my only
request to you is to share this video as much as possible.
Like as much as possible
and support us as much as possible.
So that we can continue this fight
and the more support we get, the
stronger we will become.  We will
definitely keep updating you
in the next blog.  So what
is the status of our fight?  What has been updated?  And thank
you so much for watching our video till here.
Be alert, be aware.
This is what I want to say to all of you.  Thank you so much.
See you in the next vlog.